[HV] Update roadmap (#206)
hibernate/hibernate.org: validator/roadmap.adoc

You can find a fine grained roadmap in our https://hibernate.atlassian.net/browse/HV[issue tracker],
but this page is a good starting point to see where we are going.

== Hibernate Validator 9.0

For a full list of issues currently planned for this series,
see https://hibernate.atlassian.net/issues/?jql=fixVersion%20=%2032281%20ORDER%20BY%20created%20ASC[here].

* link:{hsearch-jira-url-prefix}/HV-1991[HV-1991] Upgrade to JDK 17 as the baseline and drop JDK 11 compatibility
* link:{hsearch-jira-url-prefix}/HV-1979[HV-1979] Upgrade to jakarta.validation-api 3.1.0
* link:{hsearch-jira-url-prefix}/HV-1975[HV-1975] Remove the Security Manager integration.

> With Security Manager being deprecated for some time and planned for removal, this Hibernate Validator's integration becomes obsolete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Security Manager being deprecated for some time and planned for removal, its integration in Hibernate Validator becomes obsolete.
```
